Perplexi just launched Computer, an AI
agent that orchestrates 20 different AI
models to complete complex tasks on your
behalf. You give it a goal and it
figures out exactly how to achieve it.
Now, I've never used this before. So, in
this video, we're going to find out
together if it can actually improve your
productivity, move your business
forward, and is worth the value. And if
you don't know who I am, my name is Jack
Roberts. I built and sold my last tech
startup with over 60,000 customers and
now I run a very profitable AI
automation business. So, if you haven't
already, grab that coffee and let's dive
straight in. Perplexity computer. Now,
I've been heads down in anti-gravity and
claude code. And when the team at
Plexity reached out to me and said,
"Jack, we would love to get your
thoughts on this video." I said I would
do a video and share with you my honest
thoughts and test it together to see
exactly what this technology is capable
of. So, a big thank you to Perplexity
for sponsoring the video. Now, we're
going to explore this together and find
out what it's all about and how it works
and what it's capable of. But the first
thing to think about is what is the idea
behind it? Well, typically speaking in
our business, right, or personal life,
you may ask somebody, hey, go and do a
thing or go and research our top
competitors or find out the best
strategy. The idea with the AI agent is
that we have an AI employee. Think of it
like a like a team member is the kind of
central idea behind it where instead of
asking an individual, we just say, "Hey,
go and find out all this stuff." It
spins up sub agents, does wonderful
things, and then brings back to us a
result that we don't hopefully ever have
to second guess, ask questions about,
and just kind of works for us. That's
the kind of premise behind it. The idea
is going to be it is essentially a new
AI agent. It orchestrates over 20
different models led by Claude. Claude
is Claude is the the key the key ring
leader model that orchestrates it all.
And essentially what we do is we connect
it to your world. So all the different
connectors, Gmail, Google Drive, notion,
all those things. So it can uh connect
to your entire world. And the philosophy
here is that you're the CEO. And what
this will do on your behalf is create
sub agents that are most relevant for
you to go ahead and achieve the task. So
that you get to essentially enjoy the
beautiful results. And also has various
different things in there like skills.
You can do image generation and lots of
other really cool things. Now we're
going to test perplexity computer
against three different use cases to see
how good it is and what its capabilities
are. So this is perplexity computer
which is available at the moment only on
the max plan. There is some thoughts
that it may be coming to pro in the near
future but you're going to need the max
plan to actually access this software.
So let's go and give it a challenge. So
I'm say hey my name is Jack Roberts.
What I would like you to do is go ahead
and find some information about me and
my channel. And I would like you to
discover for me, let's call it, five key
partnerships or businesses that I may
want to work with based on my channel,
my audience, and everything that I'm
doing. And then what I'd like you to do
is come back to me and give me a very
short sharp overview of those businesses
and a a kind of maybe a HTML website or
presentation. I'll let you decide of who
those businesses are and the best thing
for long-term strategic partnerships.
completely broad question. So when we
think about competency, typically
speaking, I define competency as how few
instructions can I give you and still
get the intended result. Right? If I
say, "Hey, go and grow my business and
you just lock in and you can do that."
That's high degrees of competency. So
I'm very interested and I purposefully
given perplexity computer a very broad
prompt. I've just said my name. I didn't
even share my channel. So I'm very
curious to see exactly how this is going
to go ahead and achieve those
objectives. Okay, wonderful. So, let's
just look under the hood about what it's
doing. Now, I think the parallelization,
that's a tough word to say. And by the
way, if you're wondering, Jack, why
where's your background? I'm in Stoke on
Trend right now where I come from
initially traveling in the UK for a
little bit. I had a culture shock with
the cold when I got back here. So, if
that's why you're wondering why the
background is a little bit different,
but let's check this out. So, running
tasks in parallel, which is great
because obviously if we split those
tasks into 12 different sub aents doing
things simultaneously with an agent that
coordinates it and we tag in the best
model for the job, the speed is a lot
quicker, right? So, it has a strong
picture of me. That was that was pretty
quick, I must admit. Excellent. I now
have a current picture. Let me do one
more round of research to identify the
best partnership candidates. Now, I have
the website. I'll create a polished dark
theme strategic partnership presentation
to see that fits Jack's tech AI brand.
Now, one thing I noticed here, which is
interesting, is it didn't ask me any
clarificatory questions. I think that
would be perhaps a nice recommendation
to throw in here about how that could be
leveled up a little bit. Kind of like,
"Hey, cool. I think I've got it. FYI,
just help me clarify A, B, and C." That
would be really wonderful to see, I
think, and something I'd like to see
them add into this. But let's see how
well it does with my broad question. And
to be fair, some people don't like that
sometimes like just go ahead and do it.
I just want you to go ahead and complete
it. So the proof, as they always say, is
actually in the pony. So let's see what
this comes back as. And one thing I want
to note as well is that you can run
multiple of these tasks simultaneously.
So we don't just have to sit here
twiddling our thumbs. we can just set it
off to do a thing and then ask it
another question and then a further
question after that as well which is
which is wonderful and actually to
demonstrate this what I'm going to do
I'm going to put it through it paces I
just thought I'm going to fire off all
three of my queries so they're going to
run at the same time and then we're
going to go through the results of each
so whilst this is running I'm actually
going to create a brand new task because
in reality you sit down at your desktop
right and you're like okay here's
everything I need to do today that's
realistically how you're actually going
to go ahead and use this so let's fire
off the three queries and then address
them one by one. So, the second thing
I'm going to say here is something like,
"Hey there. I run a speechtoext company
called Glider. What I would like you to
do is do me some research on all of the
other speechtoext companies like Whisper
Flow, like Aqua. Maybe pick five to 10.
Find out the total number of users,
their USBs, what is rated, what
customers really want, so I can get some
strategic context and make decisions
about how we grow and what the
opportunities are." And I would like
that in a gorgeous interactive
dashboard, please. Wonderful. So, this
is now going to be a competitive
intelligence task. Okay, let's make sure
we've got the different information
there. That's really cool. Add a little
bit of extra context. Like, typically
speaking, it needs to be a
consumerfacing app, not some kind of B2B
API. And I would love some strategic
recommendations, please, and make that
dashboard look beautiful. Now, typically
speaking, you say make it beautiful, it
doesn't really mean too much. So, we're
going to see what it does with that. So,
I'm going to fire that one off and let
that run in the background. And I'm
going to give it a third challenge as
well. And this one's going to be
something about business ideas. So, say
that you and I want to start a business
together. And we need to get some
signal, right? What are the early
trends? So, how about this? How about we
keep it really broad? I might say, "Hey,
dude, I want to start a business in the
AI space." Do me a favor. Head over to
Reddit and I want you to find for me in
the last month 10 poster ideas that have
had high degrees of engagement that that
suggest there's a signal. there's a
there's a problem statement of some kind
that I might be able to turn into a
business. Think critically about how I
might be able to do this with the view
that I want to turn this signal into an
actual software that I then might be
able to monetize and sell. Okay, again,
super broad, but I've always found with
prompting, guys, what you want to do is
express your stated intention. That's
always the really cool thing to do this.
So, we're going to fire that one off and
see how it gets on. And so, now we've
got three different things happening at
the same time. So, for me, this is
always really cool. I do also believe
that the UI makes a difference. Like
what you're actually looking at is
important, which is why I mean
obviously, you know, I use lots of
different software, but I think like
what it actually looks like is really
key. So now we can check in with how
it's getting on and what it's done for
us in our partnership ideas. So you can
see we can see all the agents breaking
down. Let me break it down. Screenshot,
which is wonderful. It's working on the
style. I can see the cards are
invisible. So this is cool. The fact
that it's created it and it's now self-
auditing the thing I think is really,
really interesting. And we can see all
the different updates we've got as we
scroll down there. Very very
interesting. And now we're going to see.
Okay. So, first thing to call out it has
successfully found me which is here
which has got obviously your YouTube
channel, your school community, uh,
Teddy AI which is the agency and GIO.
So, it's identified that which is
wonderful. And then we've got this
wonderful document. So, why don't we go
ahead download this and check out
exactly what it looks like. And so, now
we have the CSS five partnerships to
accelerate growth. I will say the font
is cool. Typically speaking, I find on
first shots the font's not great. So,
first impressions, that is pretty
decent. And did you notice my mic is
blending in with my t-shirt by my shirt,
by the way. That was not intentional.
This is like my travel mic now. So, it's
got some of my ecosystem at a glance.
It's figured out my subscribers, school,
community members, entrepreneurs, and
revenue. Your audience is entrepreneurs,
agency builders, and business owners
looking to build and sell AI
automations. Very, very true. They like
to use tools like the blow. They buy
courses, communities, and software. And
then it's given some different
recommended partnerships with a bit of a
breakdown of what they look like, which
is interesting. I think a is a really
cool one and it's come back here with
30% recurring commission if you want to
do that co-create tutorials commission
full discounts and so it's kind of
figured out um this this idea of like
brand that would make sense and they've
also identified school does have a 40%
lifetime commission so this is cool now
that he's brought it back in a CSS form
that I think is very interesting so and
it got partnership strategy at the
bottom immediate priority quick win
strategic bet and compound growth really
to be hon for for just something really
simple like that I think that's really
cool so what I want do is see if I can
push this a level further. So, why don't
we come back over here? Let's say that
we wanted to work with a company like
Notion or Canva. I wonder if you could
help us with that. So, if I said
something like, "Hey there, dude. Sounds
interesting. I want to work with some
some cool brands, right? I want to work
with Notion and Canva. Could you just
create me a strategy? Find out who I
need to talk to. Uh find out their
contact information and then draft me
some cool um emails or something that
would actually physically work." Okay.
Something completely random. Instead of
me going out and finding it, can I go
ahead and do that? And this is probably
a great opportunity now to come back and
look at the connector. So, if I come
over to connectors, you can see we can
connect with our world. Well, we're
going to need to connect to Gmail for
this. So, let's go ahead and check that
one out. Click on Gmail and click on add
connector. Then, we just simply select
our account. Great. And then click on
continue. And we're ready to rock and
roll. And now the authentication is
successful. So, if I come back over now,
it's now connected with Gmail. And let's
also do the same thing for notion. That
could be really cool. Let's bring Notion
into the table. A lot of people like to
think about the file. Some people use
Obsidian. Notion is also great. I think
honestly my view on this is it depends
on the best place to store your notes is
the one that you like and the one that
you use. That was actually pretty
outrageously quick connection to be
fair. That's pretty impressive. And
they've got different connect list keeps
going. This is okay. A lot a lot of
connections here which is really cool.
So now we've connected them. Let's come
back over to our tasks on the left.
Obviously we've got files to see all the
different files which is cool. So if we
want to come back and check it out we
can. They've got skills. Obviously,
you've seen all the stuff blowing up on
YouTube now about skills. So, we can
create skills, do various different
things, which is cool. Uh, it creates a
skill.md new skill capability, package
instructions, set up a skill dictionary.
So, if there's things that we want to
repeat like building certain graphics,
which we can test later, we can do that
within it. And then we've got gallery
for pre-existing things. So, if I check
out this one as for instance, while
we're building in the background, let's
check it out. This is pretty cool
actually. This kind of, you know, you
bring you got that nice smooth
animation. That is very cool. That is
really cool that you can build stuff
like this and you can share it. So what
if I click on share and just see what
that looks like. I click on capital
link. Okay, so I've just posted it into
a brand new browser and let's see what
it looks like. Opens up and yeah, it's
there. So actually the fact we can
create these things and share with
people is pretty neat. That is pretty
cool, especially if you want to build it
for your team, right? And share stuff.
So that that I think is really cool.
Wonderful. And it's come back. And
what's cool is you can see the task
tokens at the top here which you get as
a monthly allowance. So you can see that
jotting down as you go. It's a funny one
of tokens, right? cuz I think generally
speaking people always like what does a
token mean? You get a sense for that as
it's building out. So the more tokens it
uses the more it kind of makes sense. So
we've got this notion campa partnership
strategy. Again these are just two
random things. And what's inside? So
notion primary contract. It's given as
the head of influencers at notion. She
manages 3,000 influencer partnerships
and launched their creative program in
March 2025. She's very active on
LinkedIn. Secondary contact general
email. Three ready to send emails. Okay.
And same thing with Canva and a 30-day
action plan. I love this. I think it
would be really cool to do something
where we say, "Look, can wouldn't it be
cool? AI creates a strategy like you
just said like, hey, who are your five
dream clients?" And then you build that
strategy out. Okay, build it out and you
follow and execute it. I think that's
really cool. So, we've got this up. Let
me just zoom out so you can see. Okay,
wonderful. So, we got partnership
outreach strategy. Very, very cool.
Let's just zoom out and see what we are
dealing with here. So, notion, we've got
partnership angles, key contacts, lots
of cool stuff. General emails, very
cool. And then create a program. And
it's even got some information we can uh
basically send here if you want to. So,
and and what's cool here is kind of
suggested custom notion templates for my
community. Client trackers, AI audit
frameworks, potential marketplace.
Interesting. And then we've got another
one here, which is a follow-up if no
response after 5 to 7 days. Wow. Okay,
that's cool. So, it's actually crushing
the follow-up. Very interesting. Okay,
here's what I think we have to do. Now,
we come back over and I'm going to say,
"Dude, this sounds cool." People, by the
way, people in my comment section when I
say, "Hey, dude." They're like, "You
can't say, "Hey, dude." It's the only
way you can talk to AI now is hey dude
and hey bro and I I will die on that
hill I must admit. So let's come over
and give a bit more context. Sounds
great. You connect to my email. Why
don't you just draft those emails and
follow-up emails? And is there anything
else that I should do that you could
help me out with that would help me seal
the deal with this? And let's just see
if goes ahead and does this effortlessly
into email. Now when I think about
tools, whatever tools I'm using, I think
about it realistically on a couple of
different levels. It can make the thing
you already do but easier. It can do the
same thing as before, but it's faster.
So, it can be faster, it can be easier,
or it can improve it and be a better
quality. That's kind of how I if a tool
doesn't do that for me, I won't
physically use it. So, if it can save me
half an hour every x period of time, for
me, that's quite valuable. So, I'm
interested to see actually how far can
this go and would it be something where
I could just like like just do it cuz
for me, a lot of it is just just do the
thing. Just do the thing and come back
and sort it out. That's kind of what I
really look for with with new tools and
things. So, as we come down here, good
thinking. Let me check if I can connect
to email and send those drafts directly.
Awesome. Let's see. Your Gmail is
connected. Let me also think about what
the assets would strengthen your
position. I'll draft all the emails and
create something that you'll make you
stand out from every creator pitching
these brands. One really cool thing here
is this principle of least access that
runs under the hood. So, the idea here
is that if the model doesn't need the
ability to send an email, it doesn't get
it. And believe it or not, even as smart
the models are, just that kind of
principle of least access that we should
always use to make your things really
secure like don't give anything any
more, you know, abilities or connections
than it actually needs. So that's really
cool that if we keep it to a draft level
and then we have that final overlay and
say and we could just say, dude, go
ahead and send it. Go ahead and send it
type of thing. So loading in the
necessary skills and context. Good. I
have a to-do list. Now I have the email
content. Let me draft all four emails in
Gmail and start building the media kit.
I didn't know I was getting a media kit.
That's pretty cool. Now let draft the
emails since Danielle doesn't have a
public email. I'll draft the notion team
and make notion. Okay, cool. Sweet. It's
now working in the background and it's
making us a media kit. Do you know
that's really interesting because I
guess I just said to it, look, go ahead
and see if you can make it better and
it's making a PDF. That's pretty cool. I
suppose also one of the watch outs with
this is it to me it presents as like
this giant rocket that goes a million
miles an hour and just does it. I guess
the the watch out with that is that if
you're not clear on what it is that you
want, I think it would be good that
there's some balance, right, between it
just doing the thing and also checking
in like, okay, look, here's what I'm I'm
thinking media kit. Does that sound cool
to you? Cuz if not, you could you could
spend credits effectively building stuff
that you may not want. So, that would be
an interesting piece of feedback for the
team. How do they balance that where
essentially it's building it just does
it, but at the same time, it can check
in with you if you want to. So, one of
the things I'm hearing from this is
probably adding in a prompt that says,
"Look, before you build anything, just
double check with me what that looks
like." I do understand that they have a
feature that says, "Look, if something's
going to consume a lot of credits,
they'll say, look, this is a beast of a
thing you've asked us to do. Is this
what you want?" Just so there's no, you
know, unfortunate surprises, which I
think is really cool. All right,
wonderful. So, it says it's got four
emails ready to go. Notion, notion with
notion, and a notion follow-up, Canva,
LinkedIn DM reference sent to yourself.
Okay, this is cool. also contains exact
DM copy to paste J the Harley on
LinkedIn after you send his email and
it's also made me an email media kit and
what else to help you see the deal apply
to both programs this week DM Natalie
directly publish a notion tutorial
monitor notion's affiliate program okay
how about this then how about we check
this out and then we can give it one
further thing so let's go and see if
it's actually in my drafts all right
guys open my drafts and we've got all of
them which is cool and it's also added a
bonus one here so let's check out what
we've got hey just bumping this up in
case it got buried and inbox must be
relentless quick context I recently
published a blah blah blah. That's the
kind of thing. ABC. Very cool. And let's
check out another one. Hey Danielle, I'm
Jack Roberts. I run the largest AI paid
community in the planet. Blah blah blah.
I watch notions creators program. Here's
what I'm thinking. Would love more
details with some things at the bottom.
Cool. And I'm guessing that we could
probably caress this a bit with our
communication style like keeping it
short or whatever we fancy to do. And
then we've got a LinkedIn that's
suggesting to send interesting. I mean,
it's pretty cool that it's done this. I
think we'd probably want to give it a
little bit of direction and steer in
terms of like how I would want to
communicate, which I definitely should
be clear about. But it's pretty cool
that that it's gone ahead and done that.
Then let's check out what the actual
presentation media kit looks like. I'll
have a quick look at this. All right,
there we go. Subscribers, paid community
members, where I'm at, uh, entrepreneurs
coach, plugandplay systems, which is
grab, this is grabbed from my This is
definitely checked out my school
community cuz some of this verbiage only
exists there, which is cool. Audience
profile, content, and reach,
credibility. Yeah, it it's actually got
a lot down there. That's actually pretty
cool. Partnership types. Okay, cool.
It's something I think like Yeah, this
is this is pretty decent. It's got my
email address on my YouTube channel. All
right, that's that's that's fair enough,
actually. Let's just give it one
follow-up. Hey, dude, go ahead and
create me a notion page and just add any
actions to that as my to-do list. Make
it look beautiful. Now, one thing I'd
say is I'm that's cool, but it's done
all that simultaneously. I definitely
think the copy would be something I'd
want to level up a little bit. So, the
way that I'd probably solve for that is
build in some knowledge about how I want
to communicate. So, that's something I
think that we need to add in there maybe
as a skill, a communication skill, an
email skill on the left hand side
because I'd want to amend that before
I'd send that. But the fact that it's
got their email, built out a sequence,
it's pretty decent. Now, see if this can
connect it to notion. Okay, so now it's
complete. Let's see if I can open this
up and see what's happening. So, there's
a new notion page and it's done it.
Okay, week one applications first
contact and it's done the to-dos, which
is cool. I can take these off. Yeah,
there you go. All right, so we know that
it's got interconnectivity and it works
fine, which is cool. With that in mind,
let's go back over now and check out the
second use case that we did, which was
more stress testing its ability to
create like a dashboard type of level.
So, let's go back over and check that
one out. So, this is under the
competitive research for speech to text.
So, my whole idea with this was let's
have a look at what it's actually
performed for us. Okay, now it's done a
lot of back and forth. It's
self-correcting, which is helpful.
Here's your GLDO competitive
intelligence dashboard. Jack, I
researched 10 consumer speech to text
competitors and built an interactive
dashboard with six sections. Overview
KPIs, competitor profiles, customer
sentiment, pricing analysis, and
opportunity map, and Okay. Well, let's
test her out and see what she looks like
and how she's cooking. All right. Okay.
Credit where it is due. Credit where it
is due. That is um not bad, actually.
That is not bad. Okay. This This looks
nice. Let's bring this over. You know, I
I wonder actually how they've done this
because normally speaking, like yeah,
this is cool because obviously you can
build anything with the right tools, but
to do this on one shot is is cool. So,
let's look at the overview. 10
competitors track, total addressable
users. Let's see what it's like on
accuracy, average iOS rating, market uh
compounding annual growth rate, uh
growing rapidly, price range, user base
by competitor, which is cool. Let's have
a look. Otter AI Fireflies. It's
interesting to put Otter AI in there as
well. Um, happy scribe, dcript, rev,
whisper flow, uh, 500,000 users. Uh, and
then we've got a lot of information down
here. Platform ratings, market
positioning, this is pretty cool. This
gives Mark positioning, language
support, that looks really decent. Uh,
let's have a look at the competitors.
And they were all here, which is very
wonderful. Sentiment, accuracy drops
with accents and noise is the biggest
issue. That's really interesting because
with GLD, we're thinking about number of
amends per 100 transcription. So, it's
good that they're thinking about this
billing issues hard to cancel. Yeah.
Like the best best sentiment you'll ever
get is making an easy exit. Bless them
on the exit. That's key. Limited to free
tier mobile app quality, expensive for
power users, blah blah blah. Come down.
Speech and time savings. Accent dialect.
It now the Otter AI is a cool one. I
just want to double click on that
because I'm pretty sure that Otter AI is
a meeting transcriber. So that's
probably one thing. This is a gorgeous
dashboard. What it's done is brought in
I think Otter AI and the other guy.
Who's the other guy? fireflies and maybe
not and happy scribe as more meeting
based on one. So it's kind of like I
guess drawn a line around it that I
wouldn't draw. Maybe that's some
feedback actually about how you can be
more specific. But nonetheless, I think
it's in the same ballpark. So good to
know. So that's one thing that I think
that I would look to improve before I
send it off on its mission is be really
specific about who the competitors are
and maybe that's a good one in terms of
come back and clarify. But nonetheless,
very very cool pain points. Really cool.
what customers love. This is really
nice. Speed and time savings, AI powered
summaries, accuracy and clear audio
works everywhere. Privacy anxiety, dog
patterns and billing, subscription
fatigue, accent and dialect bias,
feature gating. Okay. And then we got
pricing. This is Yeah, I mean this is
beautiful. This is really good. And
opportunities, opportunity landscape,
contextware, privacy, transparent fair
pricing, and then strategy leader
privacy is a core differentiator. And
that's exactly what we do. Privacy and
speed. So that's that's actually really
cool. Champion accessibility
contextware. Guys, this is really cool.
Let's actually get see now if it could I
wonder actually amend it a little bit.
So if I come back over to tasks and I
said look let's go over to here
actually. Yeah could you just change the
purple to blue please and see how it
does with a little amend. Okay so now
it's redeploying which is good. Let's
see what this looks like with the blue
accent color. Okay cool. So you see it's
now redeployed with changing the color.
Let's see what it looks like. Open up.
Has it achieved it? Yeah. Purple to
blue. Very cool. Okay first shot from
dashboard. Very decent. Let's let me
just make sure that I can share this as
well just so I know what that would look
like if I come and I say guys check out
my research. I copy the link and let's
say I head over to a different browser.
I come over to this one from before.
Paste that in. Am I seeing it? And there
you go. So now we got Glad Intel. That's
pretty cool. That's cool. But it can do
that. All right. Now let's go back over
here and see AI business ideas from
Reddit signals and how it approached
that task. All right. Running tasks in
parallel. Recalling background on Jack's
business interest skills. Interesting.
So how does it know this? I cuz I
haven't seen anywhere where we can track
like memories. So that would be cool if
I could actually check my memory. If you
come down to the bottom left and click
on your name, which I'll bring out just
so you can see this just for your
benefit. You come down and click on this
and then you come on personalization,
you can add custom instructions up to
1500 characters. Typically speaking, you
want to have less more than than more
because it adds to your context window
which means you burn credits faster. So
we want to be really specific and in
custom instructions that might be
something like I might say like hey
before you build anything always come
back to me and just clarify any
misunderstandings and challenge my
thinking to make sure you're very clear
on the stated outcome and let's create a
brief short plan before we build
anything. So I think that would be a
wonderful instruction to add in here. So
obviously we can save it here and then
you can check out your preferences go to
different usage and connectors add
everything you want to as you go through
the whole journey which is cool. So uh
what is cool with client as well you can
switch between search and computer.
That's a pretty nice pretty nice
interface. So let's go ahead now and
check out how I got on for the AI
business ideas for Reddit. So let's have
a look at some of the cool ideas that we
got for the whole process. So AI agent
hallucinations in production workflows.
Very cool. AI customer support bots are
are confidently wrong. That's cool cuz
that really connects to the
hallucination thing. This idea that AI
is confidently incorrect. And then we
got signal. Let's have a quick look.
Generate analytics data going undetected
months. Now this is a cool one here. So
1.6k up votes and 318 comments. AI code
agents can't maintain code bases long
term. Interesting. So you come down to
the bottom looking across all 10
signals. One thing dominates. AI
verification trust infrastructure. Most
of the signals are variations of the
same root problem. AI does things that
look correct but aren't and nobody has
good tools to catch it. So it's very
cool that you can just say, "Hey, go to
Reddit and find this out." And I think
you could probably lift this another
level higher by saying, "I only want to
have posts that have x number of up
votes within y period of time."
Remember, the problem you solved is more
important than how you actually solve
it. So, we'd really want to lock in and
do that. But, I think it's done fairly
good for a first stab here. So, now
let's take a look at pricing. So, on the
free tier, you get essentially regular
search, but if you want to use the
actual Perplexi computer, you need to be
on the max. Now, this I believe is
annual. So, for the monthly, it's going
to be $200 a month to go ahead and use
that. You get 35,000 bonus credits for
Plex computer and you get 10,000 monthly
credits to use for whatever you want to
do. And by the looks of thing, we spent
roughly 1,300 credits on everything we
built in this video today. So that would
probably be roughly 13% of the usage
based on what we've done, just to give
you an idea of what that would actually
look like for you. Now, thinking about
is it something that I would personally
use? Honestly, yeah, because it would
save me time. But I think like it's
really going to vary by the person. The
way that I would always make these
decisions is going to based on does it
help me do the thing faster? Does it
improve the quality? And do you get an
ROI on it, which is really individually
user specific. So you've got to think
about how that applies for your
particular use case. But the direction
of the technology, I think, is really,
really freaking cool. And now we've
covered how to actually use technology
like perplexi computer. The next thing
we need to do is actually learn how to
leverage incredible AI coding systems,
which you can learn by clicking on this
video right